1. What is a function and what is its purpose?
2. What do functions look like in the JavaScript language?
3. What is an event?
4. How do I execute a function when the user clicks 
a button?

"Do NOT fall into the common error of thinking your 
application will talk to the computer." Interesting,
I think we usually think that when programming with 
anything other than HTML and CSS we forget that there
is interaction with the user, with the display instead
of back in the servers.

1. "Functions are a type of operation." Functions are
lines of code that perform a task, they perform the process
for something in the order that is written or indicated.
2. A function's structure is like this:
	a. Name
	b. Input
	c. Output
	d. The outline of the outcome

'camel case' = Capitalize first letter of each new word
except the first.

Parentheses = Hold stuff that goes in.

3. An event is when something, anything, happens. "Each time you press a key on a keyboard,
click a mouse, touch a screen, or speak to a computer you generate an event."

4. set onClick as the attribute inside the tag with the name of the function as its "value".


---VIDEO NOTES---

"If you design for the smallest, least powerful device first, and your core functionality. 
That leads to simple, beautiful apps. If you do it the other way around, it'll be like 
trying to put a marshmallow into a piggy bank, which is neither simple, nor beautiful."
Joel Marsh - The Hipper Element

People are using their phones more and more as if they were a full power computer; so now
everything must be designed thinking about how the audience will use it. There are many 
screen sizes now that are used with different purposes or on different circumstances.
Small screens are use constantly because they are portable and convenient. "Single device
to multiple devices per household."

MOBILE IS THE NEW DESKTOP!

Mobile First:
	*Time consuming and costly for a full rebuild.
	*Provides best experience across many devices.
	*Address constraints of mobile size/bandwidth.
	*Future friendly and ready for growth.

THINGS TO REMEMBER:
	* Desktop computer sales have been declining since 2011.
	* You don't see people with their heads in laptops (Except designers and developers).
	* Start small and scale up.
	* Mobile is not a fad. (Is not going to dissapear).


"It's really hard to design products by focus groups. A lot of times, people don't know
what they want until you show it to them."
Steve Jobs - Apple

"Don't listen to what they say... observe whay they do..." and make it easier for them.

To make a difference:

	1. Be There
	2. Be Useful
	3. Be Quick

User Experience & How it makes somebody feel.

Reachability...
	Put everything within reach of the users' fingers.

"Speed Matters"
Customers want it all as fast as possible, and "fast as possible" in their minds means
instantly.

To make this possible:
	*Reduce image usage throughout sites/apps
	*SVG/Webfonts are lower bandwidth
	*Optimize and Minify (reduce white space) CSS and JS files
	*GZIP files to eliminate unnecessary data


"The trouble with software is... it sucks. That's not a nice thing to say... but it is
fundamental truth. Software customers -- you, me, CIOs of multibillion-dollar companies...
have learned to live with mediocre software. We do not count on software to be intuitively 
easy to understand or to work consistently. Instead, we make do."
Stewart Alsop - Venture Capitalist

Make sure the most common buttons are within reach, usually the bottom part of the device.

Placement Matters:
	*Address reachability issues
	*Created perception of speed
	*Improved engagement rates
	*Increased user satisfaction

"Keep up to date on lastest trends. Mobile is evolving quickly."


"[The constraints of Mobile] push you toward more focused, simplified solutions. You can
only fit so much on the screen, people often have to wait for it, and they're unlikely
to give you their full attention. So make it easy to understand and use and focus on the
important things first. Mobile is a great forcing function for simplicity."
Luke Wroblewski - Co-Founder of Polar and Bagcheck

Make it simple so that people can use it.

Make it to the users liking.


"End-users, not technologies, shape the market. Consequently marketers need to stay abreast
not only of technological developments but also of the way people respond to them."
Matt Haig - Author

Understand how people use their device.

"Designers need to rewire their brains in regards to mobile..." STOP thinking they're
the same as desktops.

Make mobile ads better:
	*Make them small and simple if inside the content.

"The fallen state of our Internet is a direct, if unintentional, consequence of choosing
advertising as the default model to support online content and services."
Ethan Zuckerman - Creator of the Pop-up ad

THINGS TO REMEMBER:
	*Stop using Pop-ups/Pop-overs
	*STOP USING POP-UPS/POP-OVERS
	*Users don't visit your website to look at ads
	*Keep it simple and sleek
	*Make sure it's unobtrusive. Content first

Think:
What would I think if this pops up while I'm reading?










